# uwuwify

> Don't ask.

## Demo

You give it this text:

```
I'd just like to interject for a moment. What you're referring to as Linux, is
in fact, GNU/Linux, or as I've recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux.
Linux is not an operating system unto itself, but rather another free component
of a fully functioning GNU system made useful by the GNU corelibs, shell
utilities and vital system components comprising a full OS as defined by POSIX.

Many computer users run a modified version of the GNU system every day, without
realizing it. Through a peculiar turn of events, the version of GNU which is
widely used today is often called "Linux", and many of its users are not aware
that it is basically the GNU system, developed by the GNU Project.

There really is a Linux, and these people are using it, but it is just a part of
the system they use. Linux is the kernel: the program in the system that
allocates the machine's resources to the other programs that you run. The kernel
is an essential part of an operating system, but useless by itself; it can only
function in the context of a complete operating system. Linux is normally used
in combination with the GNU operating system: the whole system is basically GNU
with Linux added, or GNU/Linux. All the so-called "Linux" distributions are
really distributions of GNU/Linux.
```

And it spits out this text:

```
I'd just wike to intewject fow a myoment. What you'we wefewwing to as Winux, is
in fact, GNU/Winux, ow as I've wecentwy taken to cawwing it, GNU pwus Winux.
Winux is nyot an opewating system unto itsewf, but wathew anyothew fwee
component of a fuwwy functioning GNU system made usefuw by the GNU cowewibs,
sheww utiwities and vitaw system components compwising a fuww OS as defined by
POSIX.

Many computew usews wun a myodified vewsion of the GNU system evewy day, without
weawizing it. Thwough a pecuwiaw tuwn of events, the vewsion of GNU which is
widewy used today is often cawwed "Winux", and many of its usews awe nyot awawe
that it is basicawwy the GNU system, devewoped by the GNU Pwoject.

Thewe weawwy is a Winux, and these peopwe awe using it, but it is just a pawt of
the system they use. Winux is the kewnew: the pwogwam in the system that
awwocates the machine's wesouwces to the othew pwogwams that you wun. The kewnew
is an essentiaw pawt of an opewating system, but usewess by itsewf; it can onwy
function in the context of a compwete opewating system. Winux is nyowmawwy used
in combination with the GNU opewating system: the whowe system is basicawwy GNU
with Winux added, ow GNU/Winux. Aww the so-cawwed "Winux" distwibutions awe
weawwy distwibutions of GNU/Winux.
```

You're welcome.
